replace all game toast messages with notification:


.notification {
    position: fixed;
    top: 20px;
    right: 20px;
    padding: 1rem 2rem;
    border-radius: 10px;
    color: var(--text);
    z-index: 1100;
    animation: slideIn 0.3s ease-out;
}

.notification.success {
    background: var(--success);
}

.notification.error {
    background: var(--error);
}

@keyframes slideIn {
    from { transform: translateX(100%); opacity: 0; }
    to { transform: translateX(0); opacity: 1; }
}

my lists fixes:

When pressing edit, a list is open for edit. Saving it happens through the save button. But pressing the save button when a list is open makes the system think that were trying to create a new list again, not save the current editable one. So it gives the warning about no more than 3 lists.


In the wordfield, when user adds new words, if they are just cat dog camel, add each as an entry in the souce slot of the table. But if it's comma separated, everything that is between two commas, or at the end of a list and containing more than one word, is considered a full entry. For example: get off = two separate entries: 1. get 2. off. But if its , get off, its a phrasal entry: 1. get off
is it possible to use arrow buttons for updownleftright on the custom screen? for better navigation between the various list items?

when creating a new list by pressing make, the list shows drag and drop but its not active - fix it together with make and save, add an "add word" button to manually add an empty source-target to the yet-unsaved list. -= weirdly I asked for this several times and you provided lots of code for both these asks, the add word and fix the drag and drop. You can actually see both in the code already... but they dont work. the add word doesn't show.... the drag and drop doesn't work.




stage+set+levels:
reshape the level button into a rectangle with rounded corners. Pressing it would NOT move player to the set screen, but make the stage button unfold downward, as a cascade with a frame. Within that frame, the set buttons of that level should be visible, and, based on player's status and progress, also clickable and accessible, leading to the respective level screens. This is a bypass to the current set screen. If this works, the set screens will  no longer be required and we will need to update the entire code not to refer to them  and to clean them up. Provide the required css for everything. Make the new rectangle unfolding level buttons especially beautiful. Think of optimal sizes for both desktop and mobile. Not too big, not too small.

